hi this is another video from overnight
artist calm and today I want to show you
how to write Happy Thanksgiving in
bubble letters so first draw two lines
two centimeters wide and then start
drawing the capital letters Happy
Thanksgiving
leave small spaces between each letter
now if you want the word Thanksgiving to
be in the center under the word happy
start with the N slightly under the H
and then complete the word
now draw circles and ovals around each
line of the letters draw smaller ovals
over curved letters like the P G and s1
oval for each direction make the ovals
nice and chubby try to make them the
same width if you want to see my
playlist with all capital letters
lowercase letters how to write happy new
year how to color these letters how to
add shadows to bubble letters so just go
ahead and watch my bubble letter
playlist now that we're done with the
letters just go over the outlines with a
black marker I use a sharpie marker but
you could use any marker you want you
also may want to see how to write happy
Thanksgiving in other styles like
calligraphy with a flat tip calligraphy
pen or fancy letters swirly with the
regular black pen all these are on my
overnight artist Channel or in the
Thanksgiving playlist or in my how to
draw Thanksgiving stuff playlist
you can write Happy Thanksgiving on your
Thanksgiving card or for your
Thanksgiving party and once you're done
you can go over and watch how to draw
the famous Thanksgiving basket the
cornucopia with fruits and vegetables
that video is also on my how to draw
Thanksgiving stuff on the playlist okay
now that we're done with all the
outlines we'll go ahead and erase the
guidelines and we'll add some lines and
dots just to make it look more elegant
see the lines and dots are on the right
side of each form don't forget to
subscribe here for new videos coming
every week and if you like this video
just take a second to hit the like
button and leave me a nice comment if
you want to make a request for a video
just leave it in the comment below
please don't make a request to write a
name Happy Thanksgiving
bye bye